docs/website.md, before:

# K-Link Explore Static landing page

K-Link Explore is a static website used as default entrypoint for a K-Link deployment.

**Browser Support**

Target browser support includes modern web browsers: Edge 15+, Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Opera together with their mobile counterparts.

In addition to modern browsers we support IE10 (on best effort) and IE11. IE 9 and below are not supported.


### Site Usage

Suggested usage is with the Docker image. The Docker image contains an NGINX proxy, which will serve all the static content on port 80.

```
docker pull docker.klink.asia/alessio.vertemati/klink-explore-static
```

## Development

The website is generate using a single html file, called `index.html`

### Preview your site

You can preview your local development with any webserver.

## Docker image

The website can be generated and browsed via a Docker image.
 
```bash
# Building the image
docker build -t klink-explore-static .

# Running it
docker run --rm -p 8000:80 klink-explore-static
```

Commit message:

Add K-Link example deploy configuration and related documentation (#2)
This pull request adds an example docker-compose.yml file and the necessary documentation to perform a local deployment using the example configuration. In addition add reverse proxy configuration.

At the K-Link explore site level, this pull request, change the location of the source to the /source folder and enhance the local NGINX configuration to proxy the K-Search and the K-Registry. For the K-Search add also the necessary CORS headers.

Commits:
* Move html and static content to the source directory
* Improve docker image building and NGINX default configuration
* Fix docker image name and add reference to source folder
* Support K-Registry proxy
* Add example docker-compose configuration
* Add installation and deploy documentation. Improve readme

docs/website.md, after:

# K-Link Explore

K-Link Explore is a static landing page, used as default entrypoint for a K-Link deployment.

**Browser Support**

Target browser support includes modern web browsers: Edge 15+, Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Opera together with their mobile counterparts.

In addition to modern browsers we support IE10 (on best effort) and IE11. IE 9 and below are not supported.


### Site Usage

Suggested usage is with the Docker image. The Docker image contains an NGINX proxy, which will serve all the static content on port 80.

```
docker pull docker.klink.asia/images/k-link
```

> This will pull the latest version, if you want a specific version append the version tag to the Docker image name, e.g. `docker.klink.asia/images/k-link:0.1.0`

## Development

The website content is located in the `/source` directory. The `index.html` file is the main entrypoint. 

### Preview your site

You can preview your local development with any webserver.

## Docker image

The website can be generated and browsed via a Docker image.
 
```bash
# Building the image
docker build -t k-link .

# Running it (this will only run the static website)
docker run --rm -p 8000:80 k-link
```
